add usage for expression filter (#753)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/task-configuration-file-full.md

    events: ["all dml"]
    action: Do

expression-filter:                   # Defines the filter rules for row changes when migrating data. Supports defining multiple rules.
  # Filter the value of inserted `c` in `expr_filter`.`tbl` when it is even.
  even_c:                            # The name of the filter rule.
    schema: "expr_filter"            # The name of upstream database to be matched. Wildcard match or regular match is not supported.
    table: "tbl"                     # The name of upstream table to be matched. Wildcard match or regular match is not supported.
    insert-value-expr: "c % 2 = 0"

# The filter rule set of tables to be migrated from the upstream database instance. You can set multiple rules at the same time.

> block-allow-list:                    # Use black-white-list if the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
block-allow-list:                    # Use black-white-list if the DM version is earlier than or equal to v2.0.0-beta.2.
```

Author: 之前的 PR 已修改过，等之前的 PR 合并后才能看到修改后的内容，这里就不用重复改啦~

      binlog-gtid: "03fc0263-28c7-11e7-a653-6c0b84d59f30:1-7041423,05474d3c-28c7-11e7-8352-203db246dd3d:1-170"  # You need to set this argument if you specify `enable-gtid: true` for the source of the incremental task.

    route-rules: ["route-rule-1", "route-rule-2"]   # The name of the mapping rule between the table matching the upstream database instance and the downstream database.
    filter-rules: ["filter-rule-1", "filter-rule-2"] # The name of the binlog event filtering rule of the table matching the upstream database instance.

>     block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-1"                  # The name of the block and allow lists filtering rule of the table matching the upstream database instance. Use black-white-list if the DM's version <= v2.0.0-beta.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-1"                  # The name of the block and allow lists filtering rule of the table matching the upstream database instance. Use black-white-list if the DM version is earlier than or equal to v2.0.0-beta.2.
```

Author: ditto
